the independent the gardian 20m living
all consign the 'wonder child' and what
approve despite that arsenal lost with
the Monaco 1 to 0 and we took the ml cup
but alexis is happy I do not know what
means but I'm very happy for
give a joy to all your america
today I had to play and it was a second
match in the second match yesterday of
you step by step I take two of
training and it was seventy eighty thousand
votes missing and I think that in 30 million
pounds say about 50 million dollars
others that happen in the league more
millionaire of the world
the boy who cleaned cars in the
Tocopilla's cemetery has doubled the
hand to fate and today it is not easy
as a physical
and 90 minutes 7 weekend in london
alexis is part of the comment of the
press but also from the fans of the
gamers a classy club making a
exaggerated parallel as the Catholic of
Chile
in decision our come
n
although his mule is anis country
the investment begins to return the
alexis shirt is worth 66 pounds and
everyone wants it is like 60 thousand pesos
Chileans with their name on the number
sanchez
in the previous the 'wonder child' had
eluded the press but in the previous
where will debut before the crystal palace its
press will arrive ensures that the
contracts oblige so the sanchez what
which should appear training
a few minutes and it does not make me very happy
and all the children with shirts and I hope
give you much joy and waiting in
london but he still does not forget his
barcelona acquired tries to cut to the
people from beyond barcelona you can not
ask my partner that I had to come
for here but good one day
notwithstanding the former colo player
is focused today on the truckers and the
be a scorer of the premier league
championship that gets the accommodates
good evaluation then for alexis
sanchez the child wonder or the wonder
Paul and how do you want
are preparing now to face the
Manchester City at the end of the Fed
cup community shield in london kingdom
united gene salinas teletrece